Hello again so let's discovered the new device available in our virtual machine.
So this option right there when we click on it we have some device that we can added to this virtual
machine.
So the first one is your disk we see it.
And if you do to up on your disks to this virtual machine.
As we have the second option exists existing hard disk.
That's me.
We already have our VM dignified and we want to connect that VM dignified to this virtual machine.
We can chose existing via undignified and we chose to chose where this VM dignified exist.
Remember we know chals sharing local disk we can do it for up a share of VM dignify it or a virtual
machine.
Windows XP 5 with this virtual machine.
Of course you can click on it and chose the VM dequeue five books on this one to be connected with the
virtual machine.
So we have to virtual machine we do same being dignified or even we have a machine that is deleted and
we keep it VM file of this one and we won't use it again.
We create a virtual machine then we connect it to this very dignified and it will work like when you
change the hard disk from a laptop to another laptop when you imply that the hard disk from your laptop
and put it in the laptop you work with it without any problem.
So this is the same idea right here.
Then we have ever the disk.
What is it then a disk.
This option leads you to connect our physical harddrive directly to do virtual machine.
When we create our hard disk we only create a virtual disk inside Do available.
But that's all we have.
But we chose a dram disk it will connect to do physical hard drive are available in your server.
For example a server with four physical hard over you can connect one of them to a specific virtual
machine does which Turing machine will use this hard disk.
As I look at this also as a LAN if for example our shared storage house for example three or four LAN
we can connect one line to be used by this military machine as our local harddrive.
Then we have the network.
It's simple like this one we can carry is a host we to network we can do the same in the same city if
we remember right here we can chose the adapter type.
VM.
NET does mean the speed and information about the type of this adapter.
Then we have the MAC address you can choose automated or manually when you click OK to automatic give
his MAC address but you can customize this one by gibbets any thing that you want.
And we chose manually.
And you can give a number like that of course you need to use the comma like that etc. and so on and
so on.
Of course we don't need this one.
Then we have the city the driver if you want to add another city DVD drive out to this machine the floppy
disk if you remember the floppy disk are very old.
Then the serial port and the parallel port.
This one is for example you have a printer connected to the server Droguet the pirate port.
You can add the port to portray tab and use it to connect directly to disappear to your machine.
The rise of this type cannot be on its way.
The virtual machine is bolted on.
That's when you need to power off to be able to use the parallel port then city port also need to be
voted off.
So this is the benefits of a serial port at the port.
If you check your desktop from behind of the Bar Mitzvah you will find some bark like a bee that the
Veiga board do a keyboard and mouse balls.
Then we have the parlor bar and serial port then host your speed device.
If it is a device that's connected would you just beat like I used B.K. or I use printer.
You chose your speed device and click up.
Of course it does not have any device connected to this route.
Then that is control this one that we use to use any is the device we need to have control to be able
to use the device then discuss scuzzy device the PC device if you have a PC device in the server you
can connected directly to this horse.
You use it as up b c the highest of this virtual machine share.
Busy lives and we have Scalzo controller the one that we use to connect a hard driver of this driver.
Number two will be connected truck the scuzzy controls zero that mean the same scuzzy controller we
use in the hard disk number one of course we can add a moderate scuzzy controller with a specific number.
They even control a modern kind of storage controller.
They do Sotha control.
So this is a different device.
We make it as quick as possible and the most fun was that we use it to hard this network and some city
port.
If you want to connect a specific device to this virtual machine and some PC if you want to Easy's in
a specific device but which is the hard disk a lot of time and do network Ansal for a lot of time with
different virtual machine.
So the next video.